As expected of the Fubin Hotel
The private room on the second floor is not ordinary.
The service of the king
We have eaten in a hotel of this class
Just sitting in this kind of private room is a pleasure
Hey, what's this?
Compared to accidents
This grade is also average.
Wang Yalei
Why haven't I seen you in years? You talk like a foreigner.
You're right about that.
Don't you know?
Brother Wang joined the foreigners several years ago
Now a justifiable foreign VIP
Gee, that was years ago.
Is there any Yin Saying Liquid?
Compared to elephants
An unexpected life is high class.
To say so
There is more moon outside than buildings
This little brother
You sound a little unconvinced.
But it doesn't matter.
I can also understand
After all, some people have never been on a plane in their lives
Not to mention traveling abroad
Wait for your chance.
You save some money to travel outside the fish
Go have a look.
See it and you'll know
Look at my dress
Just this material
No company in Daxia can do it
According to you
This is what the Daxia designer told you personally.
Or is your narrow vision telling you
How old are you?
Dare to talk to Brother Wang like that
I don't like to hear you say that
That is, that is, that is.
Don't be familiar with such people
After all, living in such a small place
He must be jealous
Those who were superior in your mouth back then
Of expatriates
What we call mansion citizenship
But very envious